Remove misleading prompt when credentials manager disabled and autoStore is false (#3670)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer-api/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed error message shown when creating a config file that already exists. [#3647](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3647)
- Fixed an issue where using functions such as `ZoweVsCodeExtension.updateCredentials` caused extender log4js configurations to be overwritten. [#3587](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3587)

> - Fixed an issue to avoid prompting the user with the dialog of 'save credentials' or 'cancel' when credential manger is disabled and autoStore is set to false. [#3557](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3557)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue to avoid prompting the user with the dialog of 'Save credentials' or 'Cancel' when the credential manager is disabled and the `autoStore` setting is set to False. [#3557](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3557)
```

Author: Addressed
